hey guys it's elyse on today we are
doing a product to be on the OCC
cosmetic color pencils these are sixteen
dollars each and you can get them at the
OCC website sephora calm and starting
februari 18th you can pick these up at
sephora stores so before we continue
there are colors that will correspond
with their other lip products and the
products in their line but some of these
are not i safe you can check out their
website to see the list which ones are
deemed not i safe in the US okay let's
talk a little bit about the actual
product as you can see it is a pencil
which means you'll need a pencil
sharpener fortunately these will fit
into any cosmetic grade sharpener so
these pencils right here are semi soft
these are a little bit firmer than your
typical pencils and if you're looking
for like a lip liner it is more of a
colored pencil you can see and depending
on which color you may or may not be
able to use this on your eyes so this is
animate which is a beautiful magenta
then this next in right here is hoochie
which is one of my favorites as you can
see hoochie has a little bit of the
pencil strokes as all of them will and
you can just use your brush to soften
the line gucci is a beautiful color this
next one right here is a reddish color
called n SF w which stands for not safe
for work so I'm just gonna do color
swatch as you can see it is a red the
beautiful beautiful red and it's super
pigmented moving on to the next color
it's grandma very very very popular
color in their lip tars you can see here
now I'm sure you guys are wondering if
it's smudge and budge proof I'm just
going to glide my fingers over now
depending on where you put it you are
going to see a little bit more smudging
just remember to apply a little bit of
lipstick or powder wherever depending on
where you're applying this but you can
see it does take a little time to set
this next one is my absolute favorite
pool boy this is a beautiful rich color
just pump what I really really love and
appreciate about these is that they're
all mapped so that means it's going to
translate on camera beautifully that
black it is insane and that one is
called tar then we're going to move to
pennyroyal can here's what color that's
going to be so you can do it really
softly or just really really give you up
some pressure there get that nice Brown
let's move on to trick and I'm going to
put this right next to Penny's so you
can see the difference between the two
then we have black dahlia
I really love the stampy color and
finally we have this one called feather
which is white just a great pure pure
white now we do have this other pencil
that's a little bit different than the
rest it's called anti feathered which
you guys could probably figure out it's
going to keep your products from
feathering so you can't see it but it
has a little bit of a texture to it so
that way your products won't feather so
here are all the colors alright so here
are all 12 of the lovely colors from the
occ latest release as you can see the
brightly pigmented there's lots of color
options here for the entire body however
these do take a little bit of time to
set here's the black one and it's going
to rub just a bit so remember to use
something to set the color and if you're
going to use any of the colors that are
I safe on the water line i recommend
wiping your waterline first with the
cotton bud then applying this and if you
have a hard time still apply a little
bit of shadow on top these do need a
little bit of touchups here and there
throughout the day depending on which
color and where you're applying it
because it is a multi-purpose product
you do have to take that into
consideration when you're applying this
on to your body again here are all the
color options let me know which one your
favorite is i'm melesa thank you so much
for watching don't forget to subscribe
and you can find these at occ makeup
calm bye guys
you